---
layout: post
title: Week 6 Lab
published: true
---
Try Hack Me: ICE




I used “nmap  -sC –Pn 10.10.120.100  and waited a bit until it spit out some information. It showed me a bunch of options for ports and the one that stood out to me was “port 3389” the Microsoft Remote Desktop. The 8000 port was Icecast and the hostname is “DARK-PC”.  

 

I then checked out the page linked for security vulnerabilities and found this page https://www.cvedetails.com/vulnerability-list/vendor_id-693/product_id-1194/version_id-3715/Icecast-Icecast-1.3.7.html  

The vulnerability was called Execute Code Overflow with the CVE # being: CVE-2004-1561.  

Then I started up Metasploit using “msfconsole” and then used “search icecast”. Which showed the same exploit shown on the page. I then used “Use 0” and it brought up “exploit(windows/http/icecast_header) > and then used “search options”.  

The only required setting which is currently blank is “RHOSTS”.  

I then changed the RHOSTS to “Set RHOSTS 10.10.120.100” and used “exploit” (spelled it wrong a few times...)  

The shell name is now “meterpreter”. I used LS to list the processes and the user running icecast was “Dark”. The build of the windows is “7601” and the architecture of the process is “x64”.   

I then used “run post/multi/recon/local_exploit_suggester” and waited for it to complete. The first full path was “exploit/windows/local/bypassuac_eventvwr” 

I backgrounded the session using ctrl+z and set the session to 1.  I tried exploit again and it failed. I looked and saw that using “show options” that the localhost IP was wrong, so I changed it to “set LHOST 10.10.120.100” and tried another exploit. 

I then typed “getprivs” and the one to allow us to take ownership of files is called “SeTakeOwnershipPrivilege” 

I used ps and then saw which ones were run by NT/Authority/System, and need to migrate to the “spoolsv.exe”, a printer spool service. I used “migrate -N”. The user I got with “getuid” is NT Authority\System.  

I read up on Mimikatz some more and used “load kiwi”, the tym page says it’s an updated version of Mimikatz. I used “load kiwi” and then “creds_all” Dark’s password is “Password01”. 

I used the help command to get info for these questions and reading about Mimikatz and Kiwi articles. 

The command that allows to dump all password hashes is “hashdump” so I tried using that. 

The command that allows us to watch the remove users desktop in real time is “screenshare” 

Recording from a microphone attached to the system is done by using “record_mic” 

Modifying time stamps of files is “timestomp” 

Golden Ticket is done with “golden_ticket_create” 

I authenticated the machine using “run/post/windows/manage/enable_rdp 
