---
layout: post
title: Week 12 Lab
published: true
---
**Try Hack Me: Wifi Hacking 101**
I had a lot of trouble with getting the monitor mode enabled NIC, but I did my very best.

## Task 1: 
##### What type of attack on the encryption can you perform on WPA(2) personal? 
Brute Force 
 
##### Can this method be used to attack WPA2-EAP handshakes? (Yea/Nay) 
 Nay  

##### What three letter abbreviation is the technical term for the “wifi code/password/passphrase”?  
PSK 
 
##### What’s the minimum length of a WPA2 Personal password? 
 8 
 

## Task 2:  

##### How do you put the interface “wlan0” into monitor mode with Aircrack tools? (Full command) 
airmon-ng start wlan0 

 

##### What is the new interface name likely to be after you enable monitor mode? 
wlan0mon 

 

##### What do you do if other processes are currently trying to use that network adapter? 
airmon-ng check kill 
 

##### What tool from the aircrack-ng suite is used to create a capture? 
airodump-ng 

##### What flag do you use to set the BSSID to monitor? 
--bssid 

##### And to set the channel? 
--channel 

##### And how do you tell it to capture packets to a file? 
-w 

 

## Task 3: 

#### What flag do we use to specify a BSSID to attack? 
A: -b 

#### What flag do we use to specify a wordlist? 
A: -w 

#### How do we create a HCCAPX in order to use hashcat to crack the password? 
A: -j 

 (I used “aircrack-ng -b 02:1A:11:FF:D9:BD -w < location for rockyou.txt > NinjaJc01-01.cap” to help me get the password” 

#### Using the rockyou wordlist, crack the password in the attached capture. What's the password? 
A: greeneggsandham 

#### Where is password cracking likely to be fastest, CPU or GPU? 
A: GPU 

Overall, it was fun to try to figure this out, and the password was playful. 
