---
layout: post
title: Week 15 Lab
published: true
--- 
**TryHackMe: Physical Security Intro**
--- 

#### Task 1  Introduction
Watch the above videos

#### Task 2  Overt, Covert, and Surreptitious Entry

## Using an angle grinder to cut a lock open is what type of entry?
Answer: 1. overt

## Lock picking could be considered what type of entry?
Answer: 2. covert

## Lock bypassing can be considered what type of entry?
Answer: 2. covert

## Taking a photo of a key, decoding it and duplicating it can be considered what type of entry?
Answer: 3. surreptitious

## Determining the combination of a safe through surveillance can be considered what type of entry?
Answer: 3. surreptitious

## Breaking a window to gain entry can be considered what type of entry?
Answer: 1. overt

#### Task 3  Lock Picking

## What is the name of the tool which is used to apply torque to the core of a lock when picking?
Answer: tension wrench

## What is the term used for picking a single pin at a time?
Answer: single pin picking

## What is the abbreviation commonly used to reference the above answer?
Answer: SPP

## What is the term used when you try to randomly set pins?
Answer: Raking

## This type of lock is typically cheap, low quality, and found on low security applications such as office desk cabinets.
Answer: Wafer Locks

## This type of pick profile is usually used when single pin picking.
Answer: Hook

## When single pin picking, this term refers to when you feel like you have set a pin and the core rotates slightly
Answer: False Set

## This type of security driver pin gives several clicks as it is being picked.
Answer: serrated

#### Task 4  Lock Anatomy


## What is the interface between the two pins in a pin stack referred to as?
Answer: shear line

## What are the pins on the bottom half of a pin stack referred to as? (you don't have to enter the word pin in the answer)
Answer: Key

## What are the pins on the top half of a pin stack referred to as? (you don't have to enter the word pin in the answer)
Answer: Driver

## What non-shimmable elements do padlocks use to keep the shackle in place?
Answer: Ball bearings

## What is the piece that allows locking lugs to retract when the core is turned?
Answer: Actuator

## What piece of a standard door latch should remain completely depressed when the door is closed to prevent loiding/slipping of the latch?
Answer: Dead latch

## What is the locking mechanism that has a bolt which protrudes into the frame of the door preventing it from opening?
Answer: Deadbolt

#### Task 5  Padlock Bypassing

## A lock which is unshielded is susceptible to what bypass tool?
Answer: knife

## A lock which has spring loaded locking lugs rather than ball bearings can be bypassed with what tool?
Answer: shim

## Combination locks such as the Masterlock 5400D are susceptible to a bypass which reveals the combination What is this method known as?
Answer: Decoding

## The Masterlock 175 is infamous for its ability to be bypassed using what type of bypass?
Answer: Mini knife

## What bypass method uses a key cut to the lowest depths and kinetic energy to bounce the driver pins above the shear line and allow a lock to be opened?
Answer: Bumping

## Locks which have spring loaded locking lugs can be opened by tapping a hammer on the side of the lock. What is this attack method called?
Answer: Rapping

## What type of pick takes advantage of lazy manufacturing practices by lifting all the key pins and driver pins above the shear line to bypass a lock?
Answer: comb

## What tools can be wiggled inside the keyway of wafer locks to roughly simulate the biting of the key and open the lock?
Answer: Jiggler

#### Task 6  Hardware Bypassing

## What tool is used to reach under a door and actuate a handle from the interior?
Answer: under the door tool

## What tool can be used to bypass a set of double doors which have a crash bar on the secure side?
Answer: Double Door Tool

## What item can be used to widen the gaps between doors and door frames or between double doors to allow for other bypass tools to be used? This tool is also common for automobile entry.
Answer: air wedge

## An improperly hung door which opens away from you can be bypassed using this type of tool?
Answer: Shim

## An improperly hung door which opens away from you can be bypassed using this type of tool?
Answer: Travelers hook

## What type of material can be used to go over the door to grab the secure side handles when an under the door tool is not able to be used?
Answer: Film

## Canned air can be used to bypass what type of door controller hardware?
Answer: Rex sensor

## Adams Rite hardware fixtures are susceptible to a bypass where a wire is snaked through the keyway and actuates the locking mechanism behind it, what could prevent this bypass?
Answer: protector

#### Task 7  Credits and More Resources
No answer needed

Continue your education in physical security!
