---
layout: post
title: Week 5 Lab
published: true
---
**Try Hack Me: Intro to x86-64**
*True Pain*

I really had to follow a walkthrough for this one, it was really tough and confusing.  

My first step was to inspect code execution instructions and debug using “rd -2 intro”. And then used “aa” to analyze the program.  

After that I had to find the list of the functions run and find the main, I used “pdf @main”. I used the cheat sheet a lot as also mentioned in the walkthrough. I read through them and tried to familiarize myself. 

#If Statements questions and answers: 

Using r2 –d if2 and then using aa to analyze. I ran pdf @main to find the address before popq. Then I used db to set a breakpoint and dc to reach it. At the 0 offset after px @rbp- 0x8" which showed 0x60 or 96.  
What is the value of var_8h before the popq and ret instructions? : 96 

 

I ran px @rbp-0xc and the value was 0. 
what is the value of var_ch before the popq and ret instructions? :0 

 

I ran px @rbp-0x4" and the value was 1. 
What is the value of var_4h before the popq and ret instructions?: 1 

Using andl $0x64, var_8h the operator is &. 
What operator is used to change the value of var_8h, input the symbol as your answer(symbols include +, -, *, /, &, |): & 

 

Using a breakpoint and running dc a few times. The px @rbp-0x8 says 5 
What is the value of var_8h on the second iteration of the loop?: 5 

 
Px @rbp-0xc shows 0. 
What is the value of var_ch on the second iteration of the loop?: 0 

 
Px @rbp-0x8 shows 2. 
What is the value of var_8h at the end of the program?: 2 
 

Px @rbp-0xc" says 0. 
What is the value of var_ch at the end of the program?: 0 

 
 
#Crackme1: 
Putting a breakpoint at strcmp function. I see the %rdi and %rsi load before callq sym.imp.strcmp. I used px on the argument and the password was 127.0.0.1 after changing the format to how the answer key suggests. 
 
Go to the crackme folder and analyse the crackme1 binary. This binary checks if the user has a correct password, and this can be done by running the binary and entering the password.: 127.0.0.1. 

 

#Crackme2: 
The file /home/tryhackme/install_files/secret.txt will open in the program which contrains a string. After asking for password is printed I saw the %11lls saved into %rdi. The text string for secret.txt is 10 characters long, the length of the correct password. I had a really hard time on this one so I had to do a lot of reading...and I tried a few different walkthrough suggested things, the password needed to be changed to their reverse as passwords and it gave me dwperu3sv.  

 
Analyse the crackme2 binary and try find the correct password, as with the previous question. dwperuc3sv 
 

 

 
